Implement imgui animation progress bar (#3223)
f3d-app/f3d: doc/user/03-OPTIONS.md

Show a _progress bar_ when loading the file.

### `--animation-progress=<none|default|advanced>` (_string_, default: `none`)

> Control the _progress bar_ shown when playing the animation. Can be `none` (hidden), `default` (only the progress bar, which can be clicked or dragged to jump to a time) or `advanced` (the progress bar plus time range, animation name and current time labels, with a marker for each keyframe). A bare `--animation-progress` implies `default`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `--animation-progress=<none|default|advanced>` (_string_, default: `none`, implicit: `default`))

Control the _progress bar_ shown when playing the animation. Can be `none` (hidden), `default` (only the progress bar, which can be clicked or dragged to jump to a time) or `advanced` (the progress bar plus time range, animation name and current time labels, with a marker for each keyframe).
```

> Control the _progress bar_ shown when playing the animation. Can be `none` (hidden), `default` (only the progress bar, which can be clicked or dragged to jump to a time) or `advanced` (the progress bar plus time range, animation name and current time labels, with a marker for each keyframe). A bare `--animation-progress` implies `default`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Control the _progress bar_ shown when playing the animation. Can be `none` (hidden), `default` (only the progress bar, which can be clicked or dragged to jump to a time) or `advanced` (the progress bar plus time range, animation name and current time labels, with a marker for each keyframe).
```
